BUILD SCRIPT

This is a collection of scripts which is very usefull when you want to build
the QtWayland stack. 

The end goal is to be able to build and install a stack into a directory
automatically.

The structure is fairly simple. The directory build_meta contains files which
is used to deside build order and how projects are suppose to be built.

The file build_meta/build_order dictates in what order the lines in a buildset
file should be. This is the only place where this file is used. This means the
only script that uses the build_order file is create_buildset.sh

create_buildset.sh creates snapshot buildsets. Their produced when the build.sh
script is run, and placed in the build_meta/buildsets/snapshots folder. These
files are very usefull as a lookup to see what sha1's a specific build used.
And their a complete buildset which can be used as input for build.sh and
pull.sh

pull.sh is a script that reads a buildset file and git clones or git pull
--rebase repositories. Ie. if a directory with the name corresponding to the
name collumn in a buildset file line, then it will try and pull. It it does not
exist, it will try and clone the url for that line.

build.sh takes a buildset and builds the projects defined in the buildset file
in the order the file specifies them. build.sh has to take the argument -b
which specifies the directory for where building should happen. It also can
take the optioal argument -i which sets the prefix variable for the projects
defined.

Buildsets are picked up in the following order by pull.sh and build.sh: if the
-s or --buildset argument is specified, it will try and find the file matching
the argument. Files can be specified with full paths or relative paths.
However, if no path is specified it will look in the directory
"build_meta/buildsets/". If a buildset file is in the same directory as pull.sh
or build.sh it can be specified as "-s ./buildset_file"

The directory build_meta/build_functions contains files which are used to
specialise how projects are built. The files have to have a corresponding
filename to one of the project names specified in a buildset, ie. for project
name "qtbase" the file must be called "build_qtbase.sh"

These files are sourced by the build.sh script and the script will look for 3
functions in the script:

pre_$project
build_$project
post_$project

To make a specific rutine for how qtbase is built a file called
"build_qtbase.sh" has to be defined in the folder "build_mate/build_functions"
containing the function "build_qtbase"

These functions are called with the current directory set to the directory
where the project is suppose to be built. The first argument to the function is
the projects source directory and the second argument is the install directory

The purpose of the build_script project is not to be a complete replacement for fullstack build environments, but to make it easier to setup a development environment 
